Update SP deployment page (#200)
18F/identity-handbook: _articles/deploying-sp-to-prod.md

  * If the app does not have a logo, then the partner will need to upload one before it can be deployed. You can find the [logo guidelines here](https://developers.login.gov/design-guidelines/#agency-logo-guidelines).

4. Create a PR in the [identity-idp-config](https://github.com/18f/identity-idp-config) repo that consists of:
  * App configuration added to [`service_providers.yml`](https://github.com/18F/identity-idp-config/blob/main/service_providers.yml)
  * A logo image in [`/public/assets/images/sp-logos`](https://github.com/18F/identity-idp-config/tree/main/public/assets/images/sp-logos)
  * A certificate file in [`/certs/sp`](https://github.com/18F/identity-idp-config/tree/main/certs/sp)
  * Integration parameters added to [`integrations.yml`](https://github.com/18F/identity-idp-config/blob/main/integrations.yml)
  * The integration's `issuer` added to the `integrations` attribute of the associated IAA Order in [`iaa_orders.yml`](https://github.com/18F/identity-idp-config/blob/main/iaa_orders.yml)

5. The PR should be reviewed by another integration engineer and merged into `main`.

> 6. Generally speaking, we rely on the weekly IdP deployment process to pull in configuration changes, especially new integration launches. If a manual deployment is required, follow the directions below:

Reviewer: what if we linked the IDP weekly deploy process which has our usual schedule?
```suggestion
6. Generally speaking, we rely on the [weekly IdP deployment process]({% link _articles/appdev-deploy.md %}) to pull in configuration changes, especially new integration launches. If a manual deployment is required, follow the directions below:
```

Author: great idea!

  * **If no new logo files are being added in this PR,** you can simply spin up a migration instance in the appropriate environment (replace `prod` with `staging` if deploying integration to staging):
    ```
    bin/awsv prod bin/asg-recycle prod migration
    ```
    Once the `db:migrate` task has completed in the deployment process, the changes should be reflected in the IdP. You can monitor the deployment process using the following commands:
    ```
    bin/awsv prod bin/ssm-instance --newest asg-prod-migration # shell into the new migration instance once it is initially provisioned
    sudo tail -f /var/log/syslog
    ```

>   * Otherwise, a full recycle will be necessary following the ([deploy commands for production]({{ '/articles/appdev-deploy.html#production' | prepend: site.baseurl }})).

Reviewer: we can use the `link` helper here
```suggestion
  * Otherwise, a full recycle will be necessary following the ([deploy commands for production]({% link _articles/appdev-deploy %}#production).
```

Author: sweet! I figured there was a better way 😄.
